Move oracle code to docs2 repo (#602)
o1-labs/docs2: examples/zkapps/07-oracles/contracts/README.md

# Mina zkApp: Oracle Example

> A Mina smart contract that verifies the authenticity of a signed API response (generated by the code [here](../oracle/)) then emits an event with the user's id if their credit score exceeds 700. It was created for [this tutorial](https://docs.minaprotocol.com/zkapps/tutorials/oracle).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Mina smart contract that verifies the authenticity of a signed API response (generated by the code in the [oracle](../oracle/)) repository then emits an event with the user's id if their credit score exceeds 700. It was created for [Tutorial 7: Oracles](https://docs.minaprotocol.com/zkapps/tutorials/oracle).
```
